Now, let's dive in a little deeper with pipelines.
The main feature that we're concerned with right now is
how you push off a continuous integration.
The way that works in practice is with a trigger.
This is very fundamental to the way that you do this action and it involves
modifying things both in your GitHub repository and in
your Jenkins interface so they can both kill each other off like,
"Hey, I've got this new branch has been pull requested" or "Hey,
I've taken this branch and I've built a new job."
So there's this give-and-take that goes on between those components and that's
really what we're going to focus in on how to set this up correctly.
So let's go and see how this works in the Jenkins interface.